[Music]
long
shiny and perfectly smooth that sounds
exactly like my hair
for one day after a keratin session and
then it instantly turns into a fluffy
disaster that can't be fixed
can you relate to this situation well
then you're in the right place
to find out about a magical cheap
alternative to keratin
that'll solve your problems and keep
your hair under control
one rice and coconut milk remedy
i did my research online and tested some
popular hair masks
and this one is totally my favorite the
best part is that the ingredients for
this remedy are so basic
i had them in my fridge take four large
teaspoons of rice
it can be white or brown it doesn't
really matter
rice works like magic on damaged hair it
helps prevent hair loss
and dandruff on the scalp mix the rice
with two cups of water
i know i was surprised too it's that
simple
boil the rice until all the water is
gone let it cool
and then grate it i used a regular
grater and it works just fine
add one tablespoon of starch and one
teaspoon of coconut milk
coconut milk smells divine and makes
your hair grow faster because it's rich
in potassium iron
essential fats and vitamin e all that
gives your hair plenty of moisture
the final ingredient is either one
teaspoon of coconut oil or
olive oil i guess you all know the
benefits of those
they'll give you stronger and more
beautiful hair the task is to get a
creamy mixture
so mix it all up really well when the
mixture is ready it's time to put it on
i recommend that you apply it to damp
clean hair don't be lazy and just throw
it all on your head
separate your hair into small sections
and go from the scalp to the ends of
your hair
massaging it lightly once you're done
applying it put on a shower cap
and let it sit for at least two hours if
you're patient enough
you can even leave it overnight it won't
do you any harm
guaranteed at the end wash it off with
water until it's clean
and clear then wash it once again with
shampoo
not only did it make my hair smooth but
also
way healthier shiny and full of life
it creates a kind of natural capsule
around your hair
i can now go out in the rain or style my
hair using heat
we're all guilty of that right and it
still looks perfect
while the first remedy is my personal
favorite i still wanted to spice things
up and experiment with others
so i found more solutions online and
tested them all
two hot oil treatment for this one
you're going to need one teaspoon of
castor oil and one tablespoon of coconut
oil
mix them together and heat the mix for a
couple of seconds in a microwave or oven
it has to be slightly warm but not
boiling hot
seriously it takes 2 minutes to get the
mix ready
now you can apply it to your scalp and
hair make sure your hair takes in enough
of it
and give your scalp a 15 minute massage
after that
leave the remedy on for 30 minutes wash
it off with cool water
and then shampoo your hair i personally
prefer one of those sulfate-free
shampoos because they are more delicate
on your hair
you can repeat the process twice a week
and you'll notice real results
castor oil is a natural hair conditioner
and can do miracles repairing your hair
it helped me combat the annoying frizz
and didn't dry my hair
it left it soft and moisturized 3.
milk spray today it feels like you can
choose from
500 hairspray varieties but i prefer to
know what's going in the bottle
so i made it myself all it takes is a
quarter of a cup of milk
and an empty spray bottle yes you heard
me right
you simply have to pour some milk into a
spray bottle
spray it on so that your hair gets
saturated and leave it for 30 minutes
you probably know that milk is rich in
proteins and those help to strengthen
your hair
and get rid of frizz making your hair
look smoother
after the treatment is finished rinse
your hair with regular cool water
once or twice a week is enough for this
procedure it didn't give me immediate
results
but you can get there if you do it
regularly
four eggs and olive oil mix
no this is not an omelette recipe this
mask
is using the natural properties of eggs
which are super rich in proteins
and olive oil which works like a natural
hair conditioner
together they nourish your hair and give
you that silky
smooth look you want whisk two whole
eggs with three tablespoons of olive oil
and put the mixture onto your hair for
about an hour then wash it off with cool
water
and a mild shampoo i believe once a week
is the optimal frequency for this
procedure
5. aloe vera remedy i've always known
aloe vera as a universal soldier
sorry remedy for treating just about
anything
so i wasn't surprised to find out that
the enzymes in it work like natural hair
softeners
to smooth frizz and kinks plus if you
want to grow longer hair
aloe vera will be your best friend heat
a quarter of a cup of coconut oil or
olive oil
now add a quarter of a cup of aloe vera
gel and mix it all well
leave the remedy on your hair for about
40 minutes you'll love how it smells
and feels when it's time wash it off
with cool water and
again a mild shampoo do this once a week
six coconut milk and lemon juice
treatment
here comes another remedy you'll want to
eat because it smells so good
well stay strong and let the lemon juice
give your scalp a boost of vitamin
c coconut milk will only make the effect
stronger
and you're gonna love how silky soft
your hair is becoming
i like this treatment because the
results are immediate
and you have to repeat it just once a
week to keep the effect
the only problem is for impatient people
here you have to leave the mixture
overnight for it to be ready
if the weight doesn't stop you
thoroughly mix a quarter of a cup of
coconut milk with one tablespoon of
lemon juice
put it in the fridge for the night in
the morning cover your hair with the
mixture
moving from the roots to the ends after
30 minutes wash it off with cool water
and a mild shampoo seven
banana curds and olive oil mix here
comes a recipe for those who like more
complicated solutions with multiple
ingredients
still i bet you have all of them in your
fridge you're going to need two ripe
bananas
two tablespoons of honey two tablespoons
of olive oil
and two tablespoons of curds the task
with the bananas is to make them lump
free
so blend them or mash them till you get
there once you're done with that
add the remaining ingredients and mix
them all well
leave the remedy on your hair for an
hour before you wash it off with cool
water
and you got it sulfate free shampoo
the natural properties of honey olive
oil bananas and curds make the mixture
not only smell like heaven
but also a miracle worker for your hair
structure
but be strong and resist the temptation
to put it on every day
off is good in moderation and twice a
week is the limit
bonus straighten your hair overnight
with hair bands
if you need your hair to be straight
tomorrow by any means possible
and don't want to expose it to a flat
iron here's a secret my mom taught me
when i was little
i wash my hair with shampoo and
conditioner before going to bed
then i get rid of any extra moisture
with a microfiber towel
going through my hair in sections i
don't rub it too hard so as not to break
it
next i comb through my hair with a
detangling comb and make
two pigtails it's important that you
start them by the nape of your neck
not higher to avoid kinking i take some
elastic hair bands and secure the
pigtails i also wrapped them along the
pigtails every two to three inches
you've got to be really careful to avoid
bumps so don't go too
tightly finally cover your head with a
silk scarf
and secure it with bobby pins it will
help you avoid losing moisture
and reduce frizz once i'm done i go to
bed
since it doesn't make sleeping any less
comfortable and i wake up to a smooth
hairstyle
in the morning it will also work if you
do it during the day and leave it on for
a few hours
do you have your own tips on how to keep
your hair smooth and silky
let us know in the comments below don't
forget to give this video a like
share it with your friends and click
subscribe to stay on the bright side of
life
[Music]
you